docs: update CONTRIBUTING.md to clarify development environment setup (#3495)
withastro/starlight: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. **Create a new codespace** via https://codespaces.new/withastro/starlight

> 2. **Run the dev server** to generate types. Pass the `--host` flag to avoid “502 Bad Gateway” errors:

Reviewer: If we add an extra step to this section dedicated to types before this step, we should be able to revert these changes and keep this step focused on the `--host` requirement when and if running the docs site.

```suggestion
2. If running the docs site, pass the `--host` flag to avoid “502 Bad Gateway” errors:
```
